Update the installation guide for the python version of Compose (#9418)
docker/compose: INSTALL.md

# Install Docker Compose

> This page contains information on how to install Docker Compose. You can run Compose on macOS, Windows, and 64-bit Linux.

Reviewer: Perhaps add a ⚠️ and mention that this is about Compose V1, and that we recommend installing V2 (and link to docs.docker.com)

## Prerequisites

Docker Compose relies on Docker Engine for any meaningful work, so make sure you
have Docker Engine installed either locally or remote, depending on your setup.

> - first install the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Install
```

  [Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/#server)

>   for your OS as described on the Get Docker page, then come back here for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  for your OS and then refer to this page for
```

>   instructions on installing Python version of Compose.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  instructions on installing the Python version of Compose.
```

- To run Compose as a non-root user, see [Manage Docker as a non-root user](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/).

## Install Compose

Follow the instructions below to install Compose using the `pip`

> Python package manager or installing Compose as a container.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Python package manager or to install Compose as a container.
```

> Install a different version
>
> The instructions below outline installation of the current stable release
> (**v1.29.2**) of Compose. To install a different version of
> Compose, replace the given release number with the one that you want. For instructions to install Compose 2.x.x on Linux, see [Install Compose 2.x.x on Linux](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/#install-compose-on-linux-systems).
>
> Compose releases are also listed and available for direct download on the
> [Compose repository release page on GitHub](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases).
> To install a **pre-release** of Compose, refer to the [install pre-release builds](#install-pre-release-builds)
> section.

- [Install using pip](#install-using-pip)
- [Install as a container](#install-as-a-container)

#### Install using pip

> For `alpine`, the following dependency packages are needed:
> `py-pip`, `python3-dev`, `libffi-dev`, `openssl-dev`, `gcc`, `libc-dev`, `rust`, `cargo`, and `make`.
{: .important}

> Compose can be installed from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can install Compose from
```

[pypi](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/docker-compose) using `pip`. If you install
using `pip`, we recommend that you use a
[virtualenv](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/) because many operating
systems have python system packages that conflict with docker-compose
dependencies. See the [virtualenv
tutorial](https://docs.python-guide.org/dev/virtualenvs/) to get
started.

```console
$ pip3 install docker-compose
```

If you are not using virtualenv,

```console
$ sudo pip install docker-compose
```

> pip version 6.0 or greater is required.

#### Install as a container

> Compose can also be run inside a container, from a small bash script wrapper. To

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also run Compose inside a container, from a small bash script wrapper. To
```

> install compose as a container run this command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
install Compose as a container run this command:
```

in your terminal to download the binaries.

Pre-releases built from the "master" branch are also available for download at
[https://dl.bintray.com/docker-compose/master/](https://dl.bintray.com/docker-compose/master/).

> Pre-release builds allow you to try out new features before they are released,
> but may be less stable.

----

## Upgrading

If you're upgrading from Compose 1.2 or earlier, remove or
migrate your existing containers after upgrading Compose. This is because, as of
version 1.3, Compose uses Docker labels to keep track of containers, and your
containers need to be recreated to add the labels.

If Compose detects containers that were created without labels, it refuses
to run, so that you don't end up with two sets of them. If you want to keep using
your existing containers (for example, because they have data volumes you want
to preserve), you can use Compose 1.5.x to migrate them with the following
command:

```console
$ docker-compose migrate-to-labels
```

Alternatively, if you're not worried about keeping them, you can remove them.
Compose just creates new ones.

```console
$ docker container rm -f -v myapp_web_1 myapp_db_1 ...
```

> ## Uninstallation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Uninstall
```

your existing containers (for example, because they have data volumes you want
to preserve), you can use Compose 1.5.x to migrate them with the following
command:

```console
$ docker-compose migrate-to-labels
```

Alternatively, if you're not worried about keeping them, you can remove them.
Compose just creates new ones.

```console
$ docker container rm -f -v myapp_web_1 myapp_db_1 ...
```

## Uninstallation

To uninstall Docker Compose if you installed using `curl`:

```console
$ sudo rm /usr/local/bin/docker-compose
```

To uninstall Docker Compose if you installed using `pip`:

```console
$ pip uninstall docker-compose
```

> Got a "Permission denied" error?
>
> If you get a "Permission denied" error using either of the above
> methods, you probably do not have the proper permissions to remove
> `docker-compose`. To force the removal, prepend `sudo` to either of the above
> commands and run again.

## Using Compose v1 and Compose v2 on the same computer

If you need to run both `v1` and `v2` versions of Compose you can use Compose Switch project that will allow you to 
choose which version of compose to run.

> You can find all the installation and configuration step in the [project repository](https://github.com/docker/compose-switch)

Reviewer 3: do we really want to promote compose-switch? compose v2 can be used standalone, so v1 vs v2 is just a question on setting `PATH` to select the right one

Author: removed 👍
